this is a real winter warmer my mum's
wont on noodle soup
for some variation you can choose to
deep fry the wontons
and add a bit of tomato sauce
chop the coriander and spring onion then
place in a bowl wash the two prawns
under water and with a knife carefully
slice the spine
and take out the excess
slice the prawns into small cubes
then place in with the pork mix
mix the egg whites add a little water
add some flavor with a teaspoon of
chicken powder
1 teaspoon of brown sugar and throw in
one and a half teaspoons
of potato starch
with a pair of chopsticks mixed together
thoroughly
for a minute grab a single sheet of
wonton skin
using a spoon or chopsticks place a
tablespoon of
mince mix in the middle fold the skin in
half
bunch together at the center and twist
slightly
repeat until the mix is finished
time for the chicken broth clean the
chicken bones
throw the bones in a pot of boiling
water
drain the boiling water and repeat
process
this will remove the excess oil and fat
from the water
then place a handful of dried shrimp
which you can find
at your local asian grocer and some
crushed garlic
into the broth for 30 minutes
in a pot bring water to the boil and
throw in the wontons
as a handy tip squeeze the wonton casing
so no meat leaks out
once it comes to a boil a second time
place some cold water in
add the egg noodles into the same pot
using chopsticks constantly move the
noodles so it doesn't stick together
drain the water and add cold water to
keep the elements separated
place the cooked egg noodles in a bowl
one teaspoon
of cooking oil one tablespoon of oyster
sauce
return to the chicken broth and add two
teaspoons of chicken powder
and a pinch of brown sugar and a
tablespoon
of fish sauce
garnish with chopped spring onions and
coriander
sprinkle some fried shallots season
with white pepper scoop the broth
into the dish and there you have it mama
trans wonton noodle soup
tune in next time for more family
recipes
raw and straight from the source
subscribe to julie tran on youtube
and follow us on twitter for the latest
updates
you